---
lang: en-US
title: Introduction 
description: Introduction to the Generation component in Register RAG
---

The Generation component is responsible for generating responses to user queries. The prompt should be generated from a `PromptGenerator`, and the response should be generated from a `ResponseGenerator`. The `Generation` component is a `Generator` that generates responses based on the prompt generated by the `PromptGenerator`.

## Basic Configuration

Below is the configuration for the Generation component in Python:

```python
class GenerationConfig(BaseModel):
    generation_type: Literal["local", "remote"]
    generation_model_name_or_path: Optional[str] = None
    generation_model_preload: bool = False
    generation_model_device: str = "cpu"
    generation_remote_url: Optional[str] = None
    generation_remote_token: Optional[str] = None
    generation_xinference_config: Optional[XinferenceConfig] = None
```

- `generation_type`: The type of the Generation component. It can be either `local` or `remote`.
- `generation_model_name_or_path`: The name or path of the model used for generation.
- `generation_model_preload`: Whether to load the model even if it is not called.
- `generation_model_device`: The device used for generation. It can be either `cpu` or `cuda`.
- `generation_remote_url`: The URL of the remote generation service. It is only required when `generation_type` is `remote`.
- `generation_remote_token`: The token of the remote generation service. It is only required when `generation_type` is `remote` and the service requires a token.
- `generation_xinference_config`: The configuration for the Xinference service. It is only required when `generation_type` is `remote`, and uses the Xinference service.

## How to add a new Generation component

To integrate a new Generation component, you need to create a new class that inherits from the `Generator` class and implements the abstract methods, or you can inherits from the `LocalGenerator` or `RemoteGenerator`. The abstract methods are as follows:

- `generate`: Generate the response with user prompt, system prompt and history messages.

  ```python
   async def generate(
        self,
        prompt: str,
        history: List[ResponseMessage] = None,
        system_prompt: str = None,
    ) -> str:
  ```

  The `ResponseMessage` is defined as below:

  ```python
  class ResponseMessage(TypedDict):
      content: str
      role: Literal["system", "user", "assistant"]
  ```

## Available Generation components

- `local`:
  - `TransformersGenerator`: A generator that uses the Transformers library for local generation. The `model_name_or_path` should be configured like `transformers/xxx`.
- `remote`:
  - `OllamaGenerator`: A generator that calls the Ollama service for generation. The `model_name_or_path` should be configured like `ollama/xxx`.
  - `XinfernceGenerator`: A generator that calls the Xinference service for generation. The `model_name_or_path` should be configured like `xinference/xxx`.
